I look at economic analysis in the media
that is not analysis that is an
entertainment product if you are not
taking these guys and rewarding them for
being right and punishing them for being
wrong then they are not analyzing their
[__] dancing that's what they're
doing you know like if you want them to
be right pay them to be [__] right
but we're not doing that are we we're
not doing that and and if you think at
the same time right imagine you are an
economist who's good who's really good
you know what's happening right you can
write an article that's perfectly right
and no one will ever [__] read it or
you can go and work a [__] Bank of
America get paid a million pound a year
you know that is the system that we've
built and then we're surprised that the
economy goes to [__] you know if you
want if you want good analysis at the
very least recognize good analysis this
nobody's even checking the homework here
it's crazy there is some so well I agree
with you entirely